README.md, before:

# bsv-tx-gun

This might be a prototype of stress test tool on BitconSV MainNet.

Transactions made by this tool, [count statistics ](http://bit.ly/2Z1wduL)

----

The 2nd round test run from 20:00 to 22:00 Apr. 18 UTC+8.

Totally shoot 1.1 million transactions, average fee ~500 sat/tx. Addresses used in this test round are all listed in directory [2019-04-18](/2019-04-18)

Last recycle transaction is
[23a6e83686b6651d7ce1696ab5ccc8d692f7bf1b2c70267bdf8fe39f71e7f030](https://whatsonchain.com/tx/23a6e83686b6651d7ce1696ab5ccc8d692f7bf1b2c70267bdf8fe39f71e7f030)

The tool can now shoot at 400TPS ~ 1000TPS as required.

----

On Apr. 11 from 19:18 UTC+8, reached 10 transactions per second, last 1 hour.

Transactions packaged from block height [577639](https://whatsonchain.com/block-height/577639) to [577645](https://whatsonchain.com/block-height/577645).

Totally cost about 0.36 BSV to load bullets.

![Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/O7WX3w8.png)

Thanks to everyone that helped a lot for donation, brain storming and encourage.

Addresses used in this test round are all listed in directory [2019-04-11](/2019-04-11), left about 0.32 BSV after coin recycle. Last recycle transaction is
[2146b9d18ac26dc40c8b64fea0f21c7e8d1d9b2158831048395360f272508008](https://whatsonchain.com/tx/2146b9d18ac26dc40c8b64fea0f21c7e8d1d9b2158831048395360f272508008)

----

Tip to address `13L81fdKqdif6AEFAfBymXdyB3hDvBvdp9` to buy me a cup of coffee if you like this. Appreciated!

![Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/oowYIk6.png)

Commit message:

Add related data in 3rd round test

README.md, after:

# bsv-tx-gun

The data of stress test on BitconSV Mainnet.

Transactions made by this tool [count statistics](http://bit.ly/2Z1wduL).

----

The 3rd round test run from 20:00 to 22:00 of Aug 3rd UTC+8.

Totally prepared 2 million transactions, shoot 1.5 million. 

There is 17 BSV in the beginning, left 8 BSV at the end, after all the recycle work. Average fee ~500 sat/tx. Last recycle transaction is [25d69e248cf43430c56fc14794738fb638b741850a80fad57319605fad82eadf](https://whatsonchain.com/tx/25d69e248cf43430c56fc14794738fb638b741850a80fad57319605fad82eadf). Addresses used in this test round are all listed in directory [2019-08-03](/2019-08-03).

Test report in Chinese, please refer to [Bitcoin SV 主网压力测试报告 @ 2019-08-03](https://aaron67.cc/2019/08/03/bsv-mainnet-stress-test-report-20190803/)

Run less than half of the SV GUN instances, TPS reached 410.

![](https://aaron67-public.oss-cn-beijing.aliyuncs.com/20190804032640.png)

TPS reached ~1000 during the test and 2 big blocks mined, no re-org this time.

![](https://aaron67-public.oss-cn-beijing.aliyuncs.com/20190803231429.png)

SV's awesome!

----

The 2nd round test run from 20:00 to 22:00 of Apr. 18 UTC+8.

Totally shoot 1.1 million transactions, average fee ~500 sat/tx. Addresses used in this test round are all listed in directory [2019-04-18](/2019-04-18).

Last recycle transaction is
[23a6e83686b6651d7ce1696ab5ccc8d692f7bf1b2c70267bdf8fe39f71e7f030](https://whatsonchain.com/tx/23a6e83686b6651d7ce1696ab5ccc8d692f7bf1b2c70267bdf8fe39f71e7f030).

The tool can now shoot at 400TPS ~ 1000TPS as required.

----

On Apr. 11 from 19:18 UTC+8, reached 10 transactions per second, last 1 hour.

Transactions packaged from block height [577639](https://whatsonchain.com/block-height/577639) to [577645](https://whatsonchain.com/block-height/577645).

Totally cost about 0.36 BSV to load bullets.

![Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/O7WX3w8.png)

Thanks to everyone that helped a lot for donation, brain storming and encourage.

Addresses used in this test round are all listed in directory [2019-04-11](/2019-04-11), left about 0.32 BSV after coin recycle. Last recycle transaction is
[2146b9d18ac26dc40c8b64fea0f21c7e8d1d9b2158831048395360f272508008](https://whatsonchain.com/tx/2146b9d18ac26dc40c8b64fea0f21c7e8d1d9b2158831048395360f272508008).

----

Tip to address `13L81fdKqdif6AEFAfBymXdyB3hDvBvdp9` to buy me a cup of coffee if you like this. Appreciated!

![Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/oowYIk6.png)
